so many people have been asking why did
you leave Anker why are you doing the
daily peach anymore welcome to the third
episode of how to podcast brought to you
by Squarespace whether you need a domain
website or online store make it with
Squarespace
this series documents the
behind-the-scenes of starting my brand
new podcast the creative exchange where
I go and interview super creative
entrepreneurial folks and we're kicking
things off with posting my first podcast
ever from thirty thousand miles high and
bringing the podcast to Los Angeles so
we are bringing the podcast to LA I'm
interviewing Jonathan Morrison in Austin
Evans I have all my gear but apparently
they're setting some stuff though so
we'll see what they have in store
[Music]
so instead of you know the whole window
deal with him in the background this is
gonna be the main thing so this is team
do you guys have a full-name
[Music]
so basically West does the lighting and
then you can't like camera thumbnails
the production stuff and yeah Jimmy does
editing and Austin is the person on
camera I'm very excited because today we
have Austin Evans and Jonathan Morrison
yeah sure you can be incredibly lucky
and you'll get like a big hit or kind of
gets some traction but if you look at
anyone who is reasonably successful or
even like hugely successful there's a
lot of hard work and there's a lot of
hustle that goes into that I feel like I
see you more than I see a lot of friends
there like in my personal life and like
you live on the other side you're like
you're all over the place but I think
that there's a huge lesson to be learned
there and that you wouldn't be half the
places that you've been
you wouldn't be anywhere near you where
like where you are today if you hadn't
put all that work in and kept going and
kept going and just not never stopped I
think that if you see an opportunity
you're excited about it you're
passionate about it and you really sort
of plot 110% in it then go for it you
can't just expect
oh this is a great idea I'm gonna do it
an hour a week on my you know my lunch
break or something it's like a good look
to go all in you all that yeah there's
always someone better than you oh yeah I
think that's been the biggest thing for
me is like wanting to surround myself
with people that are better that's where
you learn you can't always think like
you know you're the greatest or things
like that so working around people like
talented people I think just two things
we want to elevate you and to like it's
gonna inspire you
like I think one of the things that's
hard for me is letting people talk which
I know sounds like really like annoying
but like just making sure that everyone
like finishes their point a lot of times
I'll be like oh yeah exactly so like you
mean that pacing cuz I feel like what's
videos it feels like it's faster and I
think naturally I speak faster so it's
like so we're just getting in like the
sort of the rhythm and the cadence of
doing a podcast I feel like I have to
like take it a step back a little bit
yeah and something I've learned
listening to podcasts is the amount of
control that people have to continue
just on to the next subject yeah I
constantly want to be like yeah yeah yes
sick awesome because that's how I talked
to people in real life but once I
started doing my first interviews I
would watch it back shut up just let the
person finish their thought because it's
not natural to just sit there and like
stare yeah but that's the best way
you're gonna get audio
the podcast in California has been going
so amazingly I actually just finished up
an episode with Laurie ice yeah okay
kids over here yet so she makes sick
bike helmets I've actually made a
creative spaces TV episode on her and
she's in this new dope space in downtown
LA and it just has me like what so this
is where like the community stuff is
gonna happen
yeah we're gonna do really nice we're
gonna filming's like workshops teach
people how to like change their flats
and stuff like that oh it's an excuse
for us to like have a nice space and
then up the stairs the office is
upstairs
I like this set up yeah it's good it's a
lot of fun to the right oh look at this
roof these are pretty good you're decent
there's Duncan and I say decent I mean
I'm amazing
obsessed in recent episodes I've shown
you the gear that I've used to record
these podcasts I've been recording the
audio onto my computer via a little
preamp and recording it into audition
but it's just too much it's just too
much work I want to be able to eliminate
my laptop from this entire process so
look what I got I got a zoom h6 recorder
and it actually has phantom power so
we're gonna be good to go a USB cable a
little mic cat steals more mic action if
I want to record directly onto the h6
and here we go here is the h66 track
portable recorder is ready for the next
adventure hey real quick though before
you continue your video this is really
important are you that my spinal turn
the camera off babe
thank you Squarespace for sponsoring
this episode of how to podcast whether
it's your side hustle or it's your small
business Squarespace has the template
for you they actually just released
eight new templates and you don't have
to install upgrade or patch anything
recently with Squarespace
I built a landing page for my email
newsletter if you want to figure out
when some new PG merch is coming out you
guys on the email list will be the first
to know but I'm actually upgrading my
website I will do the big reveal very
soon but right now it's just thought
that newsletter but even just that
landing page it looks good it looks
pretty right if you sell a product or
you're a creator who wants to host
portfolio Squarespace has the tools for
you it's easy but most importantly it
looks good go to Squarespace comm for a
free trial and when you're ready to
launch go to squarespace.com slash Sara
deechi for 10% off your first website or
domaine make your business make your
online portfolio make whatever your
dream is in your head make it with
Squarespace once I finish editing the
audio in audition and the video in
Premiere I use simple casts to
distribute my podcast to iTunes Google
Play or wherever people listen to
podcasts how do you get your podcast on
to iTunes Google Play traditionally you
would have to manually upload these via
an RSS feed connect them to these
separate platforms but nowadays there's
a lot of cool companies doing the work
for you and also providing statistics
along the way some of these companies
are at Lipson shout engine symbol casts
what I use and then there's anchor where
you can actually just upload the audio
from your phone I actually had a show an
anchor called the daily peach and so
many people have been asking why did you
leave anchor why are you doing the daily
peach anymore well anchor is pretty much
its own podcasting platform in itself
not only do you use it as a tool but you
also can have your podcasts living on
there and have people listening on
anchor instead of iTunes and Google Play
as I was creating these 20-minute shows
on anchor just recording it on my phone
and it just be me I was realizing that's
not how I consume podcast
I love shows like Tim Ferriss I wanted
to sit down with a super creative
entrepreneurial person and pick their
brain for an hour maybe even two hours
and have the audio be super crispy and I
also didn't want to worry about bringing
people to another platform I want to go
where you guys already are whether it's
iTunes or Google Play or overcast so I
recorded my audio and video separately
and I use simple pass as the tool to get
it to all of the places that you guys
listen to podcast and the CEO of cymbal
cast has actually been my friend for a
couple years so I have a tree for you
guys let's kick it back to New York
so I want to introduce you guys to
someone so we have kind of a special
background he was actually my mentor
when I was at the Adobe resident see
this is Brad all right so what do you do
now well currently we're hanging out in
alleys yeah so hang on alleys so guys
he's the CEO of simple cast a a company
that helps distribute hot got her rep to
all platforms so he's used to being
using your voice right correct video
might be just a little uncomfortable
we're not gonna lie we're gonna do this
together
[Music]
turn on neon light Oh
rude we're here to talk about audio yes
in podcasting I think audio is I mean
audio is also the oldest form of
communication and radio it's come from
that point but I think with a lot of the
expansion that we're seeing in
podcasting and audio with a lot of the
hardware advancement that we're seeing
from smart speakers like our friend
beside us we're going to see an even
larger explosion podcasting and not just
podcasting but just digital audio on
demand in general Alexa what's the
weather like today in New York it's 78
degrees Fahrenheit with partly sunny
skies
okay Alexa hey Siri would you say hi to
Alexa for me hey Siri say hi to Alexa we
broke her by asking that one moment she
doesn't want to talk to her do you think
Alex
Alexa say hi to Siri just a second I can
drop in on the content oh my god
okay so simple cast if you were a
podcaster if you put audio into the
world we're the platform that hosts that
audio delivers that audio and then gives
you feedback and analytics on who's
listening and where that's been our
platform to date and we're getting ready
to launch an all-new platform which also
focuses more on the Creator tools
helping audio creators and podcasters
grow revenue grow listeners new
innovative ways of sharing audio and
social media recaps that's a great
example you have your fans well Brad
thank you for sharing and one of the
cool things that I discovered is someone
who's actually using simple paths is Dax
Shepard correct for his new podcast
we're just super cool because I just
listened to his episode with like Ellen
and Katie Couric so it's cool to see
these big people and he had Marc Maron
on this week too which is the world of
podcasting imploding in on itself
because you have Marc Maron on Dax and
shut up who is my friend Oh God
I hope you guys enjoyed this episode of
how to podcast if you want to check out
the first two they are linked in the
description below if you're new around
here say what's up in the comment
section hit that subscribe button smash
that Bell so many things to do but if
you like the green screen action that
we're doing this episode it was inspired
by John Mayer's recent music video let
me know if you like this video and I'll
see you back here every week for new
videos okay cats stay peachy okay
[Music]
you